Revise iZone network settings documentation (#45030)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/izone.markdown

## Network settings

> The iZone system uses UDP broadcast discovery on the local network to find and communicate with iZone devices. For discovery to work reliably, Home Assistant must be able to receive this broadcast discovery traffic. In most cases, this means Home Assistant and the iZone bridge need to be on the same local network segment, like the same VLAN. If they are on different segments, standard routing is usually not enough. Your network must support a UDP broadcast relay, directed broadcast, or a similar feature that relays this discovery traffic between segments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The iZone system uses UDP broadcast discovery on the local network to find and communicate with iZone devices. For discovery to work reliably, Home Assistant must be able to receive this broadcast discovery traffic. In most cases, this means Home Assistant and the iZone bridge need to be on the same local network segment, like the same VLAN. If they are on different segments, standard routing is usually not enough. Your network must support a UDP broadcast relay, directed broadcast, or a similar feature to forward this traffic between segments.
```
